Hello and welcome to one
new video
Today we are already at the season 2
and today I would touch you
imagine the sensor and what to do with it
can do everything by African is one
I have touch sensor here
front already brought in why the
Of course I will give you smartphones
still the same but show on this touch
window so out front here
a cruiser fashion is that and in the
In the middle of a platform the new rod
touch because it is really easy
Press it pressed in to express
really really pure then have
We have a page twice here
gray parts of knowledge stand behind
the connection for the cable is show
me again and below, of course
twice for such black things here
and a rod shot well we have
Now , once the bags are solier and
once the katz countries become the two
I now then at this robotic
and then I will show you what you are
to do everything with it
I 'm doing this at the side so that
twice a touch sensor and then
Let's go the software and then
shows if you can do it
well we in the software I already have
times two examples taken once the
Wait block and once a switch
blog because I was right at the yellow
area we have here again
a blog in this blog
I do in the hotel here we have two
measure and compare at each
only measure the condition so once
no condition measure so in the
there are conditions once
omitted pressed and pushed and
when comparing you can stop the lasso
come out and then it will be
compare that was once the block for
block here we have a blog there
I am not really so
actually make video
in the fomc for each block and then you can
Here we choose to compare or compare
make the end too strong that we are here now
For example, a typical example of countries going
that he should wait so long that one
that touch are there we will
use it as well and once
Compare then only then so man
should not be pressed for the same minor
will then make young men now
is then pressed to the switches
which also something bigger
long video make beat for the whole
wait for operations probably to
every single blog also has a video
do
But now catch your hands
ever selected a wait blog on
the port 1 2 port 1 touch
show compare to stand to stand 12
we wish that we move to and that
he does that
the relatively simple program of course
can you put on the now much is
have also a motorblock occupation
or so very slowly in five
I'll do you a really good landing
probably already with a turn around
can do both systems to program
once on our stone and then say
we'll see you again exactly how
I already have on our program
I have chosen two here
touch sensors once the one I
I would now be allowed to place one
namely this connected and then
Let's start the program
project and now we can see that
you work on the display and on
the green leds in the stone
the program is running but we have
said he should wait until we
press these touch countries
I 'll do that once and the once
do and then it's already done yes
That was the first to touch sensor now
We want to do that because we are one
obstacles have that the returns on the other hand
and immediately there so the state is not
program player
then goes on and on and it hurts!
living here with the touch sensor
and more is printed and that then the
tv three stops that is relatively easy
But I am how to do that
Programming programs exactly does one
that's just what we do
which tells me the end on the way exactly
we'll do it half a time
turn of the 5th
we do not need it 110 either
hence ten do in the cynical
more quickly
good, so solidified
then he goes and he just drives the
I've just done wrong learns so
long until he recognizes an obstacle
we can do it a bit faster
do
50 and when he experiences and drives
and then he waits until we get to that
touch sensors with the others on
port 2 not good 12 the front is
to push an obstacle and then just
how long that will be fine then we have here
who he can turn our project out again
you now see battle then programmatically
We see again the one developed
I'll press this button and
then he drives so far abuts it
and schwupps jo of course stopped
After stopping him, stop him again
let go so - 50 I want two
turn around I guess that would be that
that's actually relatively simple
where later you can use it then
think about you if now think that
the only thing was about the touch or
not so we have now so far
first the engine block and now the
tact sensor blog or the
data block to the waiting blog will also
another great video comment you already
told
of course it will be with the whole
states with in the car